PULSE TODO
----------

V1.1
FIXES:
x If the player uses more than 9 lives in the main game, the number of used lives might not show correctly on the high scores screen
x Falcon should be top of the high score table by default, not bottom

ADDITIONS:
- Option to hold dpad in the direction you want to go and have it repeat
- Draw to Playdate pause screen to show player status (level, time, lives etc. current runs pos?)
- A way to show the record time for all stages together (vertical scrolling table?)
- Highlight player position on level load? Draw player above transition?
- Add par times for all stages?

BUGS:
- BUG: Was once unable to enter name or exit from name edit screen after a run.
- BUG: Once got stuck on intermission screen. No idea why... (maybe resetPlayData related?)

----------

FIXED:
x BUG: Can still move when time runs out, seems like a weird bug...
  x have reached the exit after time ran out
  x have moved into a wall too
x BUG: Lives from practice/edit are left over when starting game
x BUG: Stage items still fade weirdly when changing modes sometimes (minor issue in edit mode...)

IGNORE:
- BUG: Selection on level select screen goes weird when switching modes (could be player?)
  - This appears to only happen with the editor enabled in the simulator

DONE:
x PDF Manual
x Intermission screen polish
x Force user to create user data on first start?
x Practice mode intermission screen should be different somehow
x Practice mode should enable the user to practice all the stages on a row (if their best run reached that row)
x Game clear screen (using intermission code)
x When stages are done, remove editor from shipping builds/menus
x Editor enabled with dev switch in code (clean up)
  x Also makes the stage menu white and switches levels to data/gamestages.json
  x Can this just detect if it's running on a device?
x Tweak to direction tiles. Could they be pipes?
x More stages. Need 84
x Transition should be black?
x Highlight new high scores on the score table after finishing a game
x Improved icons for rotate and flip controls (remove dpad, clearer arrows)
x Stage select should be white on black
x Pressing A on empty user data should open rename tool
x Should switch active user after create/rename?
x Remove weird clipping on move sound (Audacity can do?)
x Stage rebalancing for device (make everything way easier!)
x Key needs more black background for when on top of switches?
x Dummy data needed for userdata file (not users, but runs and stage times)
x High score screen showing max stage reached, total time taken and number of retries
x Work on how the level editor is treated. Edit, play, reset. Should be separate to main game
x Stage items shouldn't clear until end of fade out
x Flip controls item (rotate 180) - much easier to understand than 90 degree increments
x Save best times for each stage in any play mode (just not when playing from edit stage)
x Save which stages have been cleared (could just use time?)
x In between stage screen showing stage #, time taken on prev stage, total time etc. Should be 2 seconds or require button press to advance
  x Stage intro: Stage #, total time, retries?   Prev cleared stage: time taken, best time (new record)

